# UrbanPulse

UrbanPulse is a project where we built a reinforcement agent for the city of Darmstadt. The project is structured into three main parts: the `agent` folder, the `real_time_analyzer` folder, and the `plot.py` file. Additionally, there is a cost planning Excel file that outlines and calculates the project costs.

## Table of Contents

- [UrbanPulse](#urbanpulse)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Agent](#agent)
    - [Real-Time Analyzer](#real-time-analyzer)
    - [Plotting](#plotting)
    - [Cost Planning](#cost-planning)
  - [License](#license)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/urbanpulse.git
   cd urbanpulse
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

### Agent

The `agent` folder contains the network files used for training and the training script itself.

- **Training the Agent**:

  1. Navigate to the `agent` folder.
  2. Run the training script.

  ```bash
  cd agent
  python train.py
  ```

  The training script will initialize and train the reinforcement learning agent.

### Real-Time Analyzer

The `real_time_analyzer` folder consists of a script for analyzing the live data from the Darmstadt websocket, which handles real-time data.

- **Analyzing Real-Time Data**:

  1. Navigate to the `real_time_analyzer` folder.
  2. Run the analysis script.

  ```bash
  cd real_time_analyzer
  python app.py
  ```

  This script connects to the Darmstadt websocket and analyzes the incoming live data. <br>
  !!! The websocket credentials are not authorized anymore so be sure to update those before running the script. !!!

### Plotting

The `plot.py` file handles the CSV generated by training the agent. This generates the training history with a loss overview.

- **Generating Training History Plot**:

  1. Run the `plot.py` script from the root directory.

  ```bash
  python plot.py
  ```

  This script will read the CSV file containing the training data and generate a plot showing the training history and loss overview.

### Cost Planning

The project includes a cost planning Excel file that outlines and calculates the project costs.

- **Viewing the Cost Planning File**:

  1. Open the cost planning Excel file [here](https://1drv.ms/x/s!AhdS97uVu9HEgY4GWO9LbLIAq-FJIw?e=KNSKq2).

  This file contains detailed planning and calculated costs for the project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
